{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11440\viewh17880\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Dear Hiring Manager.\
\
I am writing to apply for the Senior Computer Specialist position. The course of my career so far has taken me from call-center based IT Support roles, to desk-side Support roles. From these support roles, I eventually transitioned into Incident Management and response. Most recently, I have held a Systems Analyst role where I have done extensive data crunching and reporting to all levels of leadership at my organization. The parts of my job I have most consistently enjoyed and excelled at have always been the parts that involve helping filter and illuminate data in order to facilitate informed decision making.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I often find myself returning to skills I used in former IT jobs, being the go-to guy for my friends, family, and landlady for all kinds of technical support questions. And I am happy to assist, I love the feeling of helping relieve someone\'92s frustration with a thorny computer issue. I believe that technology should be about helping people, and people shouldn\'92t have to spend hours wrestling technology to their will. In past jobs, I\'92ve enjoyed outside-the-box problem solving to make my job, and the jobs of those around me, easier by writing and maintaining small tools and scripts. At the Service Desk for Nordstrom, for instance, the company lacked a unified hardware asset management tool, so I maintained a powershell script that tracked the department\'92s workstations, laptops and other hardware. More recently, I wrote a small set of bash scripts to help my current team automatically export Tableau reports to pngs for easy inclusion in a weekly Operations meeting that the company\'92s CTO held, which streamlined our workflow and freed up my team members to focus more energy on last minute changes in a high-stress timeframe. 
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
I\'92m excited for the opportunity to apply at UW. My partner currently works at the UW, in another department, and I would love to work in an academic environment again. I value effective collaboration, curiosity and the ability to work together towards shared goals in my workplace, and I think I would be a great match for your team.\
\
Thank you for considering me. I hope to hear from you soon.\
\
Sincerely,\
\
Michael Shriver }